hi FHA my name is Natalie I'm here to
teach you how to cook posh nosh for your
friends or that loved one we're going to
start with so really simple which is
scallops with a sauce Vierge it sounds
fine dining but really really simple so
we're going to start with ourselves and
we've got these beautiful plum tomatoes
you can get them from green grocers get
them down the market they've got a
beautiful flavor but first we've got to
get the skin off it so I'm just putting
a little cross in here into our tomatoes
and then that would be the star I would
get this skin off of them
just grab the kill see that fill it up
you only want it in there 15 20 seconds
I've got my little slotted spoon they're
just going to get out so I want to burn
my fingers and straight into the ice
that was just shocking
so as you can see the skins starting to
peel off lovely there just put that to
the side
so while tomatoes are peeled and now we
just want to take the seeds out get rid
of the seeds and then we can start with
ourselves so straight down the middle
like that and then you just go along so
there and just like that sort of like
skinning a fish just along there and
that's them out we've got no seeds I
they go in the bin wash I just sort of
then cook it cut it in half again and
just chop slowly little squares doesn't
have to be perfect alright so we've got
our tomatoes chopped they're lovely
there and I'm going to put that into the
pan just throw that in there like that
but a nice banana Schlacht but the
little ones the light little onions you
don't want that and what we're going to
do so peeling it first just slice it
straight down there like that and then
Hill off that extra layer and off like
that like an onion it's got lines so
follow the lines down here and then I'll
go along here now because the shallots
are quite small I tend to just go one or
two times now it's starting to look like
a little Hedgehog and I just slice down
like that doesn't have to all be the
same size you know is it can be rustic
is home cooking and that's it all sliced
up lovely
just throw that straight into the pot
like that right so now on to our basil
little tip fear so keep it living in
your fridge a little bit longer
jake'll off bit a kitchen row just
dampen it and wrap your herbes in it so
take out our basil we're going to just
shred it up it doesn't have to be
perfect again I'm going to take a couple
of sprigs of it
just pick the leaves off like that you
can keep the stalks get all the bigger
leaves like that and put the bigger one
inside all the little ones inside the
bigger ones so just like that and then
we roll them over so we've rolled them
all up there nicely and again just
gently shred it along and now because we
wrapped them all up means we haven't got
to do
each leaf by leaf and just like that
it's all finely shredded so straight
into the pot with that so we've got some
lovely olive oil going about a hundred
mils they're gonna season with salt
everything's got to be tasty and then
we've got to have the juice of half a
lemon in there as well just cut them
down there and juice into there right
xiao tong's I hate just a gentle hate
for a couple of minutes to warm I warm
throw and then we're just gonna take
that off and let that sit for 10 minutes
for all the flavor to get in there just
give it a little stir for Spain just so
everything's nice and mixed around so
that was bubbling the way we're gonna
take that off the heat now let that sit
for 10 minutes I'm going to get on with
cooking our scallops now we've got these
beautiful beautiful scallops that we've
got from our fishmonger we're going to
serve them in the shells which makes it
even look even Pasha things to look for
when looking for scholarships is you
wanted to be beautiful and white and
plump so if they're all slimy and start
going like an a yellowy color means
they're no good and also give them a
little smell they shouldn't smell fishy
they start to smell fishy there on the
turn foam in the bin or just don't buy
it what we want to do is we want to
season them up before they go in the pan
pop them on the bold and keep the shells
for later so a bit of salt a little bit
of pepper like that and now we're going
to get our olive oil wrap that in the
pan now the thing with scallops they
cook really really quickly 1 to 2
minutes on each side once you've got
that sear on
bottom you flip them over and then
literally they're done within a minute I
like to cook my scallops in a clockwise
direction so I'll put the first one in
it number 12 and then just knock them
around then you know which ones to flip
over first we put them in and as you can
hear you can you hear that skin so
that's what you want that's the sound
you want coming from your pants if it's
not doing that then they're not going to
cook properly they are already ready I
can smell them now we're going to flip
them over because we started at number
12 we know it's one needs to go first so
using a spoon don't have anything good
flip them over like that throwing around
the pan be careful because the oil will
be hot and will splash back on you want
to get a bit of kitchen paper because we
want to drain them off we don't want a
more oily and horrible through that
lemon juice in there and that will
freshen them up I'm just going to check
to see if the other side is all done and
that's ready to come off hate that was
that quick using the spank cut them
straight onto the kitchen paper what
this will do is it'll just get rid of
any excess oil you don't want to be
eating a gracious scholar there's
nothing worse than that just on there
just gonna grab my plate I'm just gonna
put a handful of this rock salt here
we're not gonna eat it so don't worry
about that but this is for a beautiful
scallop shells the shells we saved
earlier I've just blanched them under
the kettle just to make sure that were
sterilizing because obviously we had raw
scallops in there we don't wanna give
them on food poisoning I'm just going to
lay them in there and what happens is
the salt balance for that they're not
slipping all over the plate and then we
want to take our scallops and just put
one in each shell and just look so
pretty sitting in their natural shells
if you can't get shells you can just put
them on the plate in a little triangle
and interest of the sauce over like that
we're going to get our lovely sauce you
can give it a little stir up and that
would have cooled down we just want to
spoon a little bit over each lovely
scallop no it's already starting to look
like Sankat
dinah mission so we've got these
beautiful little creases you can get
these now in supermarkets if you can't
get hold of them then you can always
garnish with a bit of chopped up basil
well you know coriander just cutting
them alone for like that I just look so
pretty when finishing dishes and all
these posh restaurants they use all
these all these days so there you go
there's the finished dish sweet scallops
for sauce Vierge
little microwaves beautiful posh nosh
done in ten minutes at home it's going
to knock anyone socks off
you